gh-71679: Enhance bytearray_repr with bytes_repr's logic (#104582)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-05-17-19-54-22.gh-issue-71679.-nD6eA.rst

> Enhance meth:`bytearray.__repr__` with meth:`bytes._repr__`'s logic. Patched by Xiang Zhang and Furkan Onder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhance :meth:`bytearray.__repr__` with :meth:`bytes._repr__`'s logic. Patched by Xiang Zhang and Furkan Onder.
```

> Enhance :meth:`bytearray.__repr__` with :meth:`bytes._repr__`'s logic. Patched by Xiang Zhang and Furkan Onder.

Reviewer: I think this can be clearer. Since `bytes.__repr__` still cannot be applied to things other than bytes.

```
TypeError: descriptor '__repr__' requires a 'bytes' object but received a 'bytearray'
```

```suggestion
Make :c:func:`PyBytes_Repr` available to general objects supporting buffer protocol. Patched by Xiang Zhang and Furkan Onder.
```
